I will not be deceived by you when I die.
It is your honor to be favored by the deer prince
How dare you bite the deer prince?
Ah!
Ahhh
I can't wait!
I want to taste other smells on you
Stop
Let them go
Don't pick on waste, women have good eyes
His saliva is sweet, bet it's coming tomorrow
Your time has come to die
Shut up trash
Did you bring the longevity road?
Longevity Road is here to be presumptuous
Did you not understand the emergency?
Man in Hand
matter
What do you have to negotiate with me?
Then how can you let him go?
Kneel down and climb the phoenix like a dog with a longevity deer in its mouth
I can let one of them go
Do you want to replace him?
Or is it him?
Dare to insult the Dragon King, you are courting death
What if he dares?
Kneel down or kill one of them
Stop ok
Lu Ming don't want
Lu Ming no no
I kneel to death
No no no